
<p>
Kerry Hamill 683 Fairmount Avenue Oakland, California 94611 (510) 547-8068, (510) 332-4904 khamill@sbcglobal.net
</p>
<div class="box center" style="width: 75%; ">
  <b class='xtop'><b class='xb1'></b><b class='xb2'></b><b class='xb3'></b><b class='xb4'></b></b>
  <div class='xbox'>
<p class='box_title'>Kerry Hamill - Resume</p>
<div class='box_content'><table class="inline">
	<tr>
		<th>2006 - Present </th><th>Manager, Local Government and Community Relations, Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART).</th><th>Manage a team of problem solvers and community outreach and communications representatives in four-county BART district. Prepare materials and publicly present BART policies and programs, manage consultants and develop district strategy with Board of Directors and General Manager. Write editorials, negotiate solutions in community disputes, disseminate relevant information through e-mail, snail mail and fax networks.</th>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>2004 - 2006</td><td>Legislative Officer, BART</td><td>Developed legislative program and served as key BART liaison to Sacramento and Washington DC elected officials. Managed consultants at the local, state and federal level. Created the annual “Report To Congress” publication and organized trips to the national and state capitols for BART executive staff and Board of Directors. Served as the BART legislative liaison to regional, state and federal agencies.</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>2000 - Present</td><td>Elected Member, Oakland School Board</td><td>Lead the effort to increase the school district’s focus on student achievement. Initiated a new reading program and aligned Sacramento funding sources which brought millions of additional state training dollars into the district. Created an effective communication network to explain complex initiatives to constituents and the media. Analyzed and created policy initiatives in a broad range of areas - from “green building” standards, to No Child Left Behind, to teacher contract negotiation protocols.</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>1996-2000</td><td>Chief of Staff, Senator Don Perata</td><td>Lead a staff of 20 and crafted legislation on education, environmental and public safety initiatives. Collaborated with a broad network of local and statewide organizations to create initiatives and build supporting coalitions. Secured millions in state revenues for various district programs.</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>1990 - 1996</td><td>Policy Advisor, Oakland Mayor Elihu Harris</td><td>Created and monitored policy on land use and housing issues. Lead outreach efforts to the community, authored the city’s Annual Report for five years. Coordinated policy among a number of city departments. Ran two successful mayoral campaigns for Mr. Harris.</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>1982 - 1990</td><td>Newspaper Reporter, Contra Costa Times </td><td>Award winning journalist - covered city government, schools, environmental issues, etc. from Richmond and Martinez bureau offices.</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>1982</td><td> </td><td>Graduate Bachelor of Arts, San Francisco State University</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td> </td><td> </td><td>I currently serve as a member of the Oakland Chamber of Commerce Policy Council, as a board member of the Oakland Parents Literacy Project, vice-president of the Oakland Technical High School PTSA. I served for two years as a member of the State Curriculum Commission.</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td> </td><td> </td><td>I started 2 non-profit organizations which support public education, the Piedmont Avenue Neighborhood School Association and the Oakland Parents Literacy Project. I continue to be a member of both, and each is still thriving.</td>
	</tr>
</table>
</div>
  </div>
  <b class='xbottom'><b class='xb4'></b><b class='xb3'></b><b class='xb2'></b><b class='xb1'></b></b>
</div>
